The Frosh Orientation Program

 At first, I was told during I enrolled in St. Benilde that we would be having Frosh Orientation Program and I thought it
was for my parents because what they have told me was FSN and I didn't knew what was the meaning of that. Then my mother
cleared to me that it was a program for us. On that day, I was very lazy to woke up in my bed because it was summer then
I got to school early? Then, I realized that I'm now in college it was different from high school. When I was in school
I hear the drum rolls and some higher batch shouting "Welcome Frosh" then some of them were directing us where would be 
staying. They guided us up to the Augusto Rosales Theather though I knew that it was the venue for us froshies becuase
I joined a group in facebook and one of the higher batch told that the froshies should go to the theater. When I was
there in inside the theater there were lots of froshies waiting there and kuya dean and his friends were arranging the us
frosh. Each program has its designated classroom, where they will be staying and an orientor. Thus, us BS-IT GDD were
staying in the theater. During the start of the program kuya dean was joking and making us to interact with him because
we are so sleepy and we do not interact with him. Our program has divided into 4 sections and each section has its 
designated orientor. Thus, the program consist of playing and a sort of introduction about our course and school. We had
fun games for us not to get bored and sleepy during the orientation. after three games, we had our lunch and it was KFC
it was not that superb because the chicken was so hard and it was cold, its like it was cooked earlier. The spoon and fork
was plastic and it was hard to cut the hard chicken and rice. nevertheless, the program wasn't meant for the food. after
we ate our lunch, we continued with the proper orientation program. They explained the student's handbook and school rules
and regulations, proper dress code and mission and vision of the school. afterwhich, we had a campus tour which we enjoyed
because we get to a different environment. Thus, it would help us to look for which our classrooms were located. Then, we
end up early and want to go home already but the orientors told us that they won't be able to dismiss us early. So, kuya
dean and his friends entertained us and we were laughing all the time until we didn't realize that it was already the end
of the program.